Hi, and welcome to AWS
Elastic Disaster Recovery, or DRS.
This service used to be named Cloud Endure Disaster Recovery
because it was acquired by AWS
but then it's been renamed as a proper AWS service.
So elastic disaster recovery, DRS, allows you to quickly
and easily recover your physical, virtual,
and cloud based servers
into AWS, to do, well, disaster recovery.
So for example,
say you wanted to protect your most critical databases.
That includes Oracle, MySQL, SQL server,
your enterprise apps, such as SAP
or you want to protect your data
in case someone's performs an attack
and tries to get a ransom out of it.
Well, for this
you're going to do continuous block level replication
of your servers from your corporate data center
into the cloud, using the elastic disaster recovery service.
So your operating systems, your apps, your database,
all of them write to disk and what's going to happen is
that thanks to an AWS replication agent that is present
on your corporate data center
then you're going to get continuous replication
of these disks into a staging environment in AWS
with low cost in EC2 instances and EBS volumes.
And then in case a disaster strikes your data center
and you need to perform digital recovery,
then you can fell over within minutes from
staging to production by creating bigger
EC2 instances, better EBS volumes,
and you have performed effectively your disaster recovery.
And then when your incorporated sensor
or anywhere else really is back online
you can perform what's called a failback
which is that the system falls back
into your incorporated sensor and you're operating normally.
Okay?
So that's it, elastic disaster recovery is a service
that allows you to do better disaster recovery.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.